README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Update README with personal portfolio and contact info
Rewrote the README to introduce Angel Cortes, highlighting skills, interests, and availability for new projects. Added sections about professional focus, personal interests, and ways to connect, replacing the default Next.js project instructions.

README.md, after:

# Hi, I'm Angel Cortes 👋

## Software Developer

Welcome to my portfolio! I'm a passionate software developer who loves sharing new experiences and exploring emerging technologies—both in theory and practice. I believe the best way to grow is by constantly challenging myself with new tools and approaches.

### 🚀 What I Do

I build modern web experiences that combine creativity with functionality. Whether it's a complex platform or a simple landing page, I focus on creating solutions that make a difference.

### 💼 I'm Available For

- 🌟 New projects and collaborations
- 💻 Remote work opportunities
- 🏢 On-site positions
- 🎯 Freelance projects

### 🎯 What Drives Me

I'm passionate about:
- Experimenting with new technologies
- Turning ideas into reality
- Learning through building
- Creating impactful digital experiences

### 🎨 Beyond Code

When I'm not coding, you'll find me:
- 💪 At the gym staying active
- 🎵 Enjoying music

### 📫 Let's Connect

Feel free to reach out if you'd like to collaborate on a project or just want to chat about tech!

- 🌐 Portfolio: [Visit my work](https://portfolio-seven-lake-2udkha6hyp.vercel.app/en)
- 💼 LinkedIn: [Connect with me](https://www.linkedin.com/in/angelcortesm/)
- 📧 Email: cortts.dev@gmail.com
- 🐙 GitHub: [@your-github](https://github.com/AngelCortes2005)

---

*Building the web, one project at a time.*
